I started because we had
enjoyed in my sister gyms in
pool where week with once that
weeks the other not to stand still
home so we do school
professional tasks and then we went to the
passion was born when greater but that
if I wanted to switch to a competitive level e
then do the four times a week
just gymnastics and I decided that instead
it goes more than its neighbor to the other
close to devote myself completely to the
gymnastics and I started six years
no base let's say and then on 17 level
very bad
what has changed in your life since
you're in milan in short, you don't already live anymore
given with your parents so this is it
already a big change no well everything
the lifestyle because I started
do morning and afternoon training e
private school
in the afternoon point to the four goals
resistance and school general everyone
the years that anyway is a heavy thing
and then I moved alone because
my parents my brothers were
remained here catania then it was
difficult to detach myself from the cuts since then
my usual school habits can do it for me
be an afternoon
we are at the technical center
we live
and we go to the gym together in the morning
we train we go and eat there
we train at school and then then
the filming of mtv has changed
something else
someone says it hurt you a little
the results of the latest world togas
in short, the Olympics could have been
best
well I don't answer this one
criticism we say because I think i
results for things because both you and
there was no qualification
with
them to the sadness of the qualification
of the team but also in the hour the beam
then we qualified at the Olympics
the team of the team final that it is
the first in the history of gymnastics
Italian so we marked a piece
of history I think it is recently and to
my first Olympics I did the final
all around together with the champion but
now ferrari for which I think this
enough for your first Olympics
this year in london 2012 with was
emotion when communicated
that you were among the summoned
let's say the team was decided
both on the last but the first
that is, I am rich now, we were already
decided and qualified so we say that
if the equation has ceased, however, a little
I knew it and this helped me again
more to prepare me precisely for not among
quotation marks disappoint expectations for
get ready for the race
you have decided to switch between the athletes
of the army as there is practically never
gymnastics performed by the center
sportsman and have applied to me for
make it to enter
these sporty figures so
I have welcomed what will change you
he didn't know so without a big one
opportunities that the army puts at
arrangement and therefore I am happy you say
to all the girls you 've done
get closer to gymnastics but not only
who still admire this sport too
thank you to your catanesità if
we want what you want to tell us without
no doubt always tell him that if social
network is all that if I am here it is also
thanks to them because they give me strength e
with
stars their yes of things make me
return the smile for which I thank
always italian catania championship is
it was fantastic
there was a lot of people however it was a
home was nice the cousin is missing
however, let's say that the only one to stay
line attentive in this sport is not
that enough to exaggerate for which we say
who thinks first of the family then now
we are an arancino it is not if we are in it
crispi the serious theses
woman